Put dataset permissions in sharing tab (#4763)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- Disabled the autofill feature of the brush when using this tool to erase data. [#4729](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4729)
- The rotation buttons of the 3D-viewport no longer change the zoom. [#4750](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4750)
- Improved the performance of applying agglomerate files. [#4706](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4706)

> - Moved a dataset's permission settings to the sharing tab. [#4683](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4763)

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm a bit nitpicking:

```suggestion
- In the Edit/Import Dataset form, the "Sharing" tab was renamed to "Sharing & Permissions". Also, existing permission-related settings were moved to that tab.  [#4683](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4763)
```

Author: Fair point. It is a lot more specific! Thanks for the suggestion :)
